Add format string for Slack outputs (#40)
falcosecurity/falcosidekick: README.md

  #icon: "" # Slack icon (avatar)
  outputformat: "text" # all (default), text, fields
  minimumpriority: "debug" # minimum priority of event for using this output, order is emergency|alert|critical|error|warning|notice|informationnal|debug or "" (default)

>   messageformat: "Alert for rule '{{ .Rule }}' from process {{ index .OutputFields \"proc.name\" }} " # a Go template to format Slack messages, see Slack Message Formatting in the README for details

Reviewer: I propose this to have a format which works with example I give [here](https://github.com/falcosecurity/falcosidekick#examples)

```suggestion
  messageformat: "Alert : rule *{{ .Rule }}* triggered by user *{{ index .OutputFields \"user.name\" }}*" # a Go template to format Slack Text above Attachment, displayed in addition to the output from `SLACK_OUTPUTFORMAT`, see [Slack Message Formatting](#slack-message-formatting) in the README for details. If empty, no Text is displayed before Attachment.
```

I've also added a small detail about what part of Slack message is modified with using Slack's terminology.

* **SLACK_ICON** : Slack icon (avatar)
* **SLACK_OUTPUTFORMAT** : `all` (default), `text` (only text is displayed in Slack), `fields` (only fields are displayed in Slack)
* **SLACK_MINIMUMPRIORITY** : minimum priority of event for using use this output, order is `emergency|alert|critical|error|warning|notice|informationnal|debug or "" (default)`

> * **SLACK_MESSAGEFORMAT** : a Go template to format Slack alert messages. This is displayed in addition to the output from `SLACK_OUTPUTFORMAT`. See [Slack Message Formatting](#slack-message-formatting) for details.

Reviewer: See other comments.

```suggestion
* **SLACK_MESSAGEFORMAT** : a Go template to format Slack Text above Attachment, displayed in addition to the output from `SLACK_OUTPUTFORMAT`, see [Slack Message Formatting](#slack-message-formatting) in the README for details. If empty, no Text is displayed before Attachment.
```

|----------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---|---|
| `{{ .Output }}`                              | A formatted string from Falco describing the event.                                                                                                      |   |   |
| `{{ .Priority }}`                            | The priority of the event, as a string.                                                                                                                  |   |   |
| `{{ .Rule }}`                                | The name of the rule that generated the event.                                                                                                           |   |   |
| `{{ .Time }}`                                | The timestamp when the event occurred.                                                                                                                   |   |   |

> | `{{ index .OutputFields \"<field name>\" }}` | A map of additional optional fields emitted depending on the event. These may not be present for every event, in which case they expand to the string `` |   |   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Template Syntax                              | Description                                                                                                                                              |
|----------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `{{ .Output }}`                              | A formatted string from Falco describing the event.                                                                                                      |
| `{{ .Priority }}`                            | The priority of the event, as a string.                                                                                                                  |
| `{{ .Rule }}`                                | The name of the rule that generated the event.                                                                                                           |
| `{{ .Time }}`                                | The timestamp when the event occurred.                                                                                                                   |
| `{{ index .OutputFields \"<field name>\" }}` | A map of additional optional fields emitted depending on the event. These may not be present for every event, in which case they expand to the string    |
```

|----------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `{{ .Output }}`                              | A formatted string from Falco describing the event.                                                                                                      |
| `{{ .Priority }}`                            | The priority of the event, as a string.                                                                                                                  |
| `{{ .Rule }}`                                | The name of the rule that generated the event.                                                                                                           |
| `{{ .Time }}`                                | The timestamp when the event occurred.                                                                                                                   |

> | `{{ index .OutputFields \"<field name>\" }}` | A map of additional optional fields emitted depending on the event. These may not be present for every event, in which case they expand to the string    |

Reviewer: Duplicated block, you can remove lines 215-220.
